Initial changes (#1)
BPP-Education-Group/bpp-technical-test: README.md

   - Allow inbound traffic on port 22 (SSH) from any source IP address
   - Allow outbound traffic to any destination IP address on all ports

### Instructions

1. Create a new feature branch in the BPP GitHub repository to work on Part 1 of the code challenge.
2. Checkout the newly created branch in your local development environment.
3. Write the Terraform code to create an AWS EC2 instance and define the necessary resources according to the [acceptance criteria](#acceptance-criteria).
4. Provide clear comments in your code, or verbally explain the purpose and functionality of each resource or configuration block.
5. Deploy your Terraform code to the BPP Interviews AWS Account using credentials supplied during the interview.
6. Commit and push your code changes to the remote branch.

## Part 2 - Terraform: Refactoring

### Acceptance Criteria

1. Refactor the Terraform code from Part 1 to a reusable opinionated Terraform module.
2. The refactored code should still create all the resources from Part 1, and:
   - Allows the Instance Type to be parameterised
   - Allows the Environment Tag to be parameterised

> 3. The Terraform state should not be modified during the refactoring process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The AWS resources should not be modified during the refactoring process.
```
